YAML fix for Clair CRDA (#572)
quay/quay-docs: modules/clair-crda-configuration.adoc

[id="clair-crda-configuration"]
= Clair CRDA configuration

[id="enabling-clair-crda"]
== Enabling Clair CRDA

> Java scanning no longer includes a default CRDA shared key, and is no longer enabled by default. Use the following procedure to fetch the Quay-specific CRDA remote matcher, which supports higher RPS, and to manually enable CRDA for Java scanning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java scanning depends on a public, Red Hat-provided API services called "Code Ready Dependency Analytics". This is only available with internet access and not enabled by default. Use the following procedure to integrate the CRDA service with a custom API key and thus enable CRDA for Java and Python scanning.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
matchers:
  config:
    crda:
      url: https://gw.api.openshift.io/api/v2/
      key: <API_KEY_HERE>

>       source: quay.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      source: <QUAY_SERVER_HOSTNAME>
```
